Context aware policies can be written with Rego (#289)
kubewarden/docs: docs/writing-policies/rego/01-intro-rego.md

:::note
Rego support has been introduced starting from these releases:

- kwctl: v0.2.0
- policy-server: v0.2.0

> Rego policies support context aware data stating from the Kubewarden 1.9 release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rego policies support context aware data starting from the Kubewarden 1.9 release.
```

:::

> The Rego language is a tailor made language designed to embrace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Rego language is a domain specific language designed to embrace
```
